### *INTRODUCTION*
This blog is created with sole purpose of keeping track of my Eklavya project notes and learning's. **NovaPi** is the name of the project. The project aims to create a ***Bare-metal OS on Raspberry Pi with HDMI and a Pong game from scratch***. We will be using **Raspberry Pi 4B** model to be precise. The note will be divided on the tasks given during the project. Also please ignore the grammatical and spelling errors.
### *PROJECT DESCRIPTION*
The project deals with creating a bare-metal operating system and hardware abstraction layer for Raspberry Pi 4B. The operating system will implement basic communication protocols, interrupt  controllers and ultimately HDMI support. Using these as the base this project will aim at creating a simple pong game using the HDMI Support of our kernel.

## TASK 1: *Creating a Kernel image and mini-uart application*

Lets start with a basic description of the task. I will be explaining the concepts in a very simple terms and keep the language as simple as possible.
***Kernel*** : The kernel is the  *core component of an operating system, acting as the bridge between hardware and software*.Essentially, it's the central program that controls everything that goes on in your computer, from launching applications to managing files.
***Kernel Image*** : The binary file that contains the core code of the operating system's kernel, ready to be loaded into memory and executed by the CPU. It's essentially the executable version of the kernel, allowing the system to boot and function.
***Ba*re Metal OS*** : Software that runs directly on the hardware of a computer, without an intervening operating system.
So similarly we will be creating a kernel image for raspberry Pi and using the mini-uart pins present on the rasp Pi( short for raspberry pi) print a  message that every beginner prints when they step into the world of programming, ***'Hello World'***. 
For this task I have referred to a GitHub repository [raspberry-pi-os](https://github.com/s-matyukevich/raspberry-pi-os) which explains all concepts in a very simple manner. If you visit and read the repository you will see that the concepts are divided into lessons and chapters. My 1st task is based on lesson 1.1                  [Introducing RPi OS, or bare-metal “Hello, World!"](https://s-matyukevich.github.io/raspberry-pi-os/docs/lesson01/rpi-os.html). But since the code in the GitHub is written for rasp Pi 3B model, we need to make changes to make it compatible for the 4B model. There aren't many changes in the code that need to be done , we will talk about in depth later on. Since i have just copied the code from the repository, my main task was to understand the code and try to implement it in QEMU a machine emulator on which we can run our code virtually. Since QEMU doesn't support 4B model I have executed the code for 3B model and it has run very well. To see the updated code here is NovaPi repository, you can find the code in rishi branch  [NovaPi](https://github.com/dark-knightshanks/NovaPi). The code is mainly written in ***C*** language and ***ARM assembly***, since the core of the rasp Pi is ARM v8 processor.